I'm still close with the SEAL Teams and
there's some pretty important people in
teams that have eyes me Mari boy who's
hot marcus luttrell called us up and
asked us we be willing the trainee
actors to get them ready for this film
safety is absolutely integral part of
tactics the main goal of seamos in the
SEAL training was to teach these guys
how to literally be comfortable with all
of this gear so that when they were
filming they look like they were knowing
what they were doing let's see this
right here it's designed for your finger
they come up like this and your finger
runs right up in the well first part is
we're teaching them how to shoot safely
standby Boston and we threw in some
communication so they can talk to each
other somebody
and then after that we throw in the
movement go to six prone prone now you
have actual fighting machine right here
on one of the sets right now for the
movie lone survivor last couple days the
actors and the seal instructors are out
here I've had the actors actually
patrolling and my guys as the role
players they're at and realism to that
it definitely ramps up the intensity
once these guys start getting someone
shooting back at him was he wrong
it was so full-on you're trying to
assimilate as much as you can as fast as
you can
let's keep moving the training was
intense I mean by the time you finished
the training you felt like you'd shot a
big portion of the movie but we'd never
roll cameras
that was great to kind of get to see
that how to move in formation didn't
even know the names of the weapons when
we started by the end we're doing you
know blind mag changes I'm actually
really surprised how much they picked up
I think a lot of it's due to their
attitude to have these guys and her
fingertips and some legends were with us
has been incredible I mean we put him
through the wringer man we beat him hard
and they came together as a team you
could see it you could watch it while we
were putting him through this training
that they just started come together
it was tactically sound where they were
moving and shooting and communicating
and everything I was just good job